Long construction times are a hidden road tax
Lane tolling idea for Nevada-California border
Writing good contracts should be the government's main competency
Towns should have extra leverage over property that was originally granted via eminent domain. The railroads and bridges should be something governments can get money to beautify from the owning company.
Towns should get the ability to ostracize a nuisance each year, like they could for people in Athens to "discipline" the elites (How Nations Fail)
Must we have democracy at every level of government? Include Detroit success and Flint disaster. Note the semi-democratic features of HOAs. Maybe altered forms of democracy?
The case for making a change by working in government monopoly, doing something that matters better than it would otherwise be done and trying to break down the monopoly
Suggest what JPUSA could do with their building and excess capacity
Proposal for a sound barrier between the playground and highway in Fleetwood
Christianity as an early choice to live in reality... Contrasted to the other ways that we choose to not live in reality like my TV show or drugs
Trailer Park U
Maximize social ROI - How Christians should see giving
It Takes a Village to Foster Parent a Child. Put together foster parents and allies
Image of capitalism where people never die as an extreme of intergenerational wealth transmission, requiring rehabilitation. Justifies a capitalist system with the need for social enterprise.
Half baked game theoretic model with two givers and two funds in a church with varying elasticity. Argue that inelastic, institutionally driven givers should fund baseline church activities.
Cost savings as a motivator for living in Christian community
The importance of priorities as opposed to positions in politics
Inefficiencies are fertile soil for social entrepreneurship, especially inefficiencies caused by regulation that doesn't apply to non-profit activities
More trust equals less plastic.
Lessons from my brush with faux poverty
Work doing public asset tracking, surveillance, and management
Map all the non-profits real estate assets as a means of coalition building
Paved over America
Infrastructure obsolescence after electric and self-driving cars
What prevents governments from being captured by interest groups and how is that reflected in HOA management as opposed to local governments?
